### Notes from the last session

Gregory:
* SnowPAC is coming — what are the messages distilled for the decadal?
* The idea that there is a transition to SSA/SPs
* Trying to do these things in common — we are willing to work together

Josh
* What are the norms? For notebooks?

Gregory / Rick
* Please stick to some consistency

Arfon: funders?

Linda:
* Tell us what you want in 5 years in terms emminent people will understand
* Decadal may reccommned more money for archives
* Help us make the argument

Steve Groom:
* What needs to be happening in the very far outyears?

Frossie & Josh:
* Data co-location is very important but not everything

Everyone:
* Naming is hard. 

Gregory:
* Joint cosmology analysis Euclid/LSST/WFIRST is a nice use case.

-- ongoing discussion about whether a common resource pool helps with software coordination using a carrot of data colocation

Robert:
* Only the plumbing?
* Science?

Let's have scientists at the next meeting!

